__________ POV Narration __________
Ken felt odd about the situation as soon as all of the 'immortals' fell.
Even if they overpowered the cultists greatly, he still expected to see many curses from the immortals.
Ken had specifically tried to avoid getting touched at all throughout the fight.
He didn't know if all curses needed blood after all, so the less he physically interacted with the immortals the better.
Even then, it just felt odd that none of the cultists had even attempted to start up a cursed technique...
'Do all of their Jujutsu really require blood?'
And while it was possible that they dealt with them before they got to use any Jujutsu, there was also a lingering feeling of unease about the rather lacklustre fight.
A himself was somewhat disappointed by the adversity they met as well, and it was becoming harder and harder to justify Ken's salary...
The Raikage was not quite disappointed, that was the outcome he had expected at the end of the day.
The enemies they dealt with were nothing to scoff at either, as most Jonin would likely die when faced with even one of the Immortals.
'Still... To think there would be this many cultists around...'
Their number was truly what impressed the Raikage. He failed to understand how such a large organization could make its home in their territory.
Killer B just huffed a bit as he allowed the purplish chakra cloaking him to recede back into his body.
He had struggled the most with his opponents at first, he didn't have the same overwhelming advantage in speed as his peers after all.
But he still managed to take on two of the strongest members in the cult while barely even breaking a sweat.
They took a few seconds to examine the immortals before going forward.
'We'll have to interrogate quite a few of them later... But for now, just going deeper into this hideout seems like the way to go...' The Raikage scratched his beard as he signalled for everyone to follow him.
The 4 of them turned and started walking down the ruined corridor where the immortals had come from.
Ken's attack had really affected the integrity of the cave, so it was only a matter of time before the entire corridor collapsed. Not that it would be too big of an issue for the 4 of them.
Still, the Blind Swordsman sighed when sensing the poor structural integrity of the cave, somewhat regretting that he had decided to just test out his technique inside...
He was about to turn back to his human form before he immediately stopped in his tracks.
A faint vibration entered his ear, and his tail shot up batting away a knife that had been barreling towards Killer B's back.
The rest of the group was immediately alerted when they heard the clang of metal, all of them turning around and jumping further into the corridor while looking back at the room they came from with caution.
"What was that?!" B said as purplish chakra flared up around him once more.
"A knife..." Ken said as his tail swayed around for a few seconds, preparing to intercept any other incoming projectile.
"Obviously, but who threw it?!" A said as the lighting around him seemed to lash out in anger.
"No one in particular..." The Raikage said as he looked at the room, all of the immortals were still downed.
"Heh..." A small laughter sounded out, as one of the downed immortals was relatively close to them. It was one that Ken had kicked back into the corridor at the beginning of the fight, he was lacking any means to defend himself, yet he seemed to be amused for some reason.
The immortal's face seemed deformed, as he didn't have any lips, nor did he seem to have any eyelashes, his eyes were open and bloodshot and his bald head was filled with thick veins that made him look sickly.
"Did you all think this fight would end as a simple melee...?" The limbless immortal said as his body seemed to be dragged across the floor, he was quickly dragged towards the large room by a strange force.
The 4 of them simply looked on, deciding to observe the situation first before acting...
Inside the large room from before, something rather strange was happening, all of the blood was gathering up in one spot, and all of the bodies were being consumed as if by a corrosive substance.
Ken scoffed when he realised that only the bodies of the immortals seemed to remain intact, as all 9 of them were absorbed into the blob of gelatinous/corrosive blood.
The bodies of the nine immortals seemed to navigate through the slime freely, all turned in the direction of the 4 shinobi.
"Combination Cursed Technique... Cursed Behemoth~!" Their voices resonated, all speaking at the same time. It was as if their consciousness had been connected as well.
"... This does look a tad concerning..." Killer B sweated a bit as he scratched the back of his head. He would've acted a bit more arrogant, had it not been for the Tailed Beast within him warning him once again to be careful.
The Raikage was also quite wary, he knew that cursed techniques could get annoying, and the fact that they didn't have any information on the one before them was all the more concerning...
"Bah! Cheap tricks like these won't do much to us!" A scoffed as he turned into a blur and rushed towards the blob of blood and flesh with his hand outstretched.
"Hell Stab!" His hand turned into a spear as he pointed one finger forward.
The Raikage was once again disappointed at his son's brash attitude, he immediately rushed over to try and stop him, but it was too late.
A came in contact with the blob almost immediately, and his hand entered it without much resistance. The slimy creature then seemed to want to completely wrap around A's body, likely trying to corrode it away.
The Raikage had already appeared behind his son though, and he pulled A by the back of the neck and rolled away just as the slime came crashing down on them.
"Tsk... A, we will have a serious talk about your performance in this mission..." The Raikage truly didn't appreciate that A was making a fool of himself in front of Ken.
'How am I supposed to convince Ken to follow you in the future if you're this rash?!'
A was once again forced to look at the ground shamefully for one second, before fixating his gaze back on the Cursed Behemoth before them, it wasn't exactly the time for contemplation after all...
"Thankfully it doesn't look like its speed is enough to touch us..." Ken also walked forwards alongside Killer B.
"Well, it looks like it can match mine... I'll have to amp up a bit more... You might want to stand back for this!" B sighed as he somehow restrained himself from breaking out into a freestyle.
It was a rather serious mission after all... Now it was also apparently more dangerous than initially estimated.
Ken nodded before he notice the entire cave started trembling, both B and he were taken off guard and they both lost their balance.
The Blind Swordsman instantly regained his and immediately started jumping away from the point where the rocks seemed to be gathering, which was... B?
Ken scoffed as he stopped and turned to B, who was now completely engulfed in large chunks of the cave rocks.
"Cursed Technique: Targeting Dummy Curse!" One of the Immortals within the giant blob of viscous blood smiled widely, causing A and the Raikage to scoff.
'A curse of targeting? I'm assuming he somehow placed it on B. at least that explains the knife from earlier... I think B was touched a few times during his fight, maybe that's how it was placed...'
Ken just sighed as he assumed that B was taken out of the fight... He assumed that for all of two seconds before he felt an overwhelming amount of chakra from the pile of rubble, chakra which only seemed to rise more and more by the moment.
Purple light seemed to explode out of the fallen rocks, causing Ken to take a few steps back as he covered his face, shielding it from rocks.
The rocks were all blasted away, and Ken could hear a few annoyed and surprised sounds from the immortals that were still within their Combination Technique.
The purple light then died down to reveal the figure of a man. Ken couldn't help but smile when feeling just how much more powerful B had become.
'I really ought to ask Saburo more about this Killer B fellow... Or maybe ask the Raikage himself?'
Killer B now seemed to be completely covered in a thick, solid layer of constantly revolving purple Chakra.
Four solid octopus tails appeared to have grown from his tailbone as he crouched and breathed a bit of steam.
His eyes were deep black holes and his mouth appeared to have morphed into a fanged grin, as his head seemed to grow a solid pair of bony horns.
"Heh... Now I feel more ready!~" Ken's smile deepened when hearing Killer B's voice, which sounded a lot deeper.
'His presence changed completely...'
The Blind Swordsman was well and truly impressed. The only thing that bothered him was the fact that he could see the colour of the thick chakra cloak that seemed to have covered B's body.
As Ken admired the transformation of Killer B, their opponent was not standing still.
The viscous blood seemed to lash out, part of its body extending as a tentacle and whipping towards the Raikage and A.
The two of them were able to easily dodge, both dashing to the sides as they circled around the behemoth with ease.
The viscous blood seemed to rush forward, trying to aim for either Ken or the now-transformed B.
Ken prepared to dodge before he noticed the fact that B had just scoffed at the attack of the curse users.
"As if!" B then brought his tails forwards, arching them towards his mouth as a small ball of chakra seemed to gather there.
Ken sweated a bit when sensing that, realising that there was more chakra in that small ball than he had ever had in his entire body.
"Tailed Beast Ball!" The ball then expanded forwards just as the viscous liquid reached B.
Before it even got to touch his Chakra-covered skin, the ball that B had near his mouth blasted itself forward in the form of a gigantic laser.
The Viscous Liquid was either immediately erased or pushed back completely. The wave seemed to completely break a large chunk of the Behemoth that had just formed.
Ken was having a rather difficult time discerning just how much damage Killer B's attack had done though. The Blind Monster was still getting used to begin around that much chakra, his senses were being slightly overloaded for once...
"Good job B! You took out 4 of the fuckers!" The Raikage shouted as he dodged a few tentacles, which quickly fell to the ground and started re-entering the main body.
The Cursed Behemoth seemed to be trying its best to recover.
Ken did notice something rather crucial though...
"It's gotten a lot smaller..." Maybe it was because B had technically disintegrated part of its body? Or maybe because almost half of the people holding it together were also erased?
Regardless, one thing was clear.
"B! Can you shoot a few more of those?!" Ken asked as he stood behind the Jinchūriki as he made the request.
"Sure thin-" B's words were interrupted by something they really should have expected...
A large tremor overtook the entire cave, as all of the ceilings started collapsing on top of them.
"Shit! Stick together!" The Raikage shouted as they were all shrouded in dust.
Ken just scoffed and immediately dug a hole in the ground for himself, using his tail to stop the rocks from falling in it while waiting for everything to settle.
Meanwhile, he could feel Killer B just creating a dome of Chakra around him to stop the falling rocks.
'Well... This could've gone worse, I guess...' The Blind Swordsman thought to himself as he sensed his surroundings. Then he felt the Viscous Liquid still moving around between the cracks of the rocks...
'... Well shit, I guess not.'
