_________ POV Narration_________
The Tsuchikage panted as his body rotated midair, dodging yet another swipe from the lightning-covered Raikage.
His small body was filled with scratches and cuts, burns and blood. He was panting, his usually orderly hair now a messy mop on his head.
He was missing both of his sandals as well.
Meanwhile, the Raikage was in a slightly better form. He was able to avoid the Tsuchikage's attacks, but he was mad at not being able to deal more damage.
It couldn't be helped however, as he was a lot slower in mid-air than on the ground.
He knew things would get complicated from the moment the Tsuchikage managed to narrowly dodge his first lighting claw when the fight began.
He had hoped to end the fight sooner, he was already bound to become slower...
'I can't keep this up for much longer...'
Using the Black Lighting Chakra Mode for a few minutes was a lot more taxing than the regular chakra mode. It was something that the Raikage would use to end battles quickly.
It provided a massive boost in explosive force, strength and speed. But it also damaged the user's body over time, black lighting being a lot more dangerous than regular lighting and much harder to control.
The Tsuchikage seemed to have caught up on that as well, the short man had already stopped attacking and had gone on a complete defensive streak.
He was only dodging attacks and hoping to tire out the Raikage before likely dealing a finishing blow.
'I need to end this soon... I wonder how B is faring right now...'
And as the two Kage were fighting, the Jinchuriki below had transformed the battlefield completely.
Ignoring the smoke and fire that had spread out all across the forests around them, the two had already taken on their full Tailed Beast forms, and B was seemingly able to restrain Yusuzo.
B was currently looking like a purplish mix between an octopus in the lower body, with an upper torso more similar to that of a muscular man. He had grown a pair of gigantic arms.
His head looked like that of a bull, two horns rose out of his skull.
Yusuzo now resembled a blue, armoured rhinoceros beetle, with six green insect wings on his back, along with an actual seventh tail, all growing from the end of his abdomen.
B had him on the ground, crushed against the dirt. He was holding him down with all the power he could muster while entangling his wings in his tails.
He had managed to not allow the 7-Tails Jinchuriki to take flight, which made things much easier for him.
The 7-Tail Jinchuriki seemed to be trying to wiggle out of the 8-Tail's stranglehold.
Under normal circumstances, B would've already released a Tailed Beast Blast right into his restrained opponent at point-blank range. But the people around them made things difficult.
When surrounded by potential allies, it was harder for a Jinchuriki to go all out. It was already damaging enough that they were wrestling in their Tailed Beast forms.
Unfortunately for B, not everyone in their immediate surroundings was his ally. And not all of them were weak.
A few of the Rock and Mist Anbu on the side decided to step in and help Yusuzo.
"Earth Release: Earth Flow Spears"
Before B could realize what was happening, he immediately felt the ground underneath him and Yusuzo shift, dozens of spear-shaped spikes grew out of the ground and pushed into his body.
They specifically avoided touching the 7-tails Jinchuriki.
B roared in rage as he felt his grip on his opponent loosened for a moment. But it seemed his opponents weren't done.
"Water Release: Water Dragon Bullet Technique!"
One of them quickly spat out a water dragon, sending it flying out of his mouth and hitting B's gigantic transformed head almost instantly.
B's head shot back, his beastly roar shaking the ground around him as he was forced to let go of Yusuzo and protect his body from other Jutsu that the Anbu kept firing towards him.
It seemed that the other Shinobi of the Cloud hadn't managed to win over the combined efforts of the other villages...
B gritted his teeth as he even felt a few earth chains wrapping around his tails, trying to stop him from moving.
The 8-tailed Jinchuriki's roar let out a shockwave that pushed back most of the Anbu around him, giving him some breathing space.
He turned his head to look at the leader of the Waterfall, who had already taken flight with his 6 insect wings, he was floating in the air further away from the camp, seemingly recuperating.
'Shit... I can't let him get away! I hope everyone else will be fine...'
B immediately gathered chakra at his mouth, forming a purplish black ball. The Shinobi around him immediately got scared of the scene, all of them taking a step back.
Yuzuso also started gathering chakra at his own insect-like mouth, forming a large ball of his own.
All of the Shinobi from before were now scampering, escaping from the battlefield. All of them knew what was coming, and they knew it wasn't going to be pretty.
"Tailed Beast Bomb!" B was the one to finish first, his ball of chakra flew out of his mouth, rushing towards the 7-Tailed Beast and crushing anything in its path.
Yusuzo didn't seem to panic though, right in the nick of time, he finished charging his own attack.
"Tailed Beast Ball!"
His seemed to be a bit smaller than that of B, but it clashed with the 8-Tail Jinchuriki's attack nonetheless.
Immediately, the entire world around them seemed to become white, and immediately, a red light washed over the entire battlefield, as the two destructive masses of chakra met each other head-on.
In the distance, Ken stopped and punched the ground in front of him, raising up a large chunk of the earth in front of him for protection just as the shockwave spread.
The Blind Assassin could feel gigantic burning trees being uprooted everywhere around him, as the blast broke even through his rock shield.
He was forced to jump back, as the raised rock cracked completely and turned into shrapnel, piercing through the place where he had been kneeling previously.
"What destructive power... The Tailed Beasts really are no joke!"
To his side, Tosho appeared as well, speaking out with a surprised tone.
He was holding the unsheathed Samehada in front of him, blocking any stray rock or tree that came towards him while skidding backwards from the shockwave.
Ken could only release a grunt and nod in agreement. He could feel it in the distance... A heat so extreme that it was easily comparable to the Mizukage's Magma.
And Tosho could see it clearly... In the distance, a gigantic explosion expanded from the contact point of the two Tailed Beast Bombs. It swallowed up the entire battlefield in a red glow, morphing it into an unrecognizable mess.
"Shinobi really are mad..." Ken muttered as he slowly stood up, ignoring the continuing shockwave while stepping forwards towards the centre still.
"Lord Ken! Seems that the fodder of the other villages has scattered! The Cloud Shinobi likely lost while I was assisting you!" Tosho tried to follow him, still holding the Samehada in front of him for protection.
"That's fine! You can go hunt them down! Ignore the ones from the Mist if they aren't hostile to you." Ken gave Tosho new orders he then turned into a blur and vanished towards the battlefield just as the explosion died down.
Now all that Tosho could see in the distance was a large cloud of smoke that covered what was previously a forest.
The Shockwave had helped the fire spread further, but it also ruined most of the forest by itself, so the field was now barren a few kilometres all around them.
The Tsuchikage also took notice of what had happened below, he used the shockwave to dodge one of the Raikage's dashes as well.
He was getting tired, and his joints were starting to ache as well. But he couldn't give up and retreat yet...
'Just a bit longer... I can feel the Raikage getting more and more sluggish...'
And his senses were working right... The Raikage had at most a few more seconds left. The Shockwave from earlier had managed to ruin one of the last chances he might've had to kill the Tsuchikage.
'One last hit... If I don't kill Onoki I'll make sure to at least leave him something to remember me by...'
The Raikage wasn't losing hope, however. He knew he didn't have time left, but a few seconds in that mode could still be the difference between winning or losing.
All he needed was a bit of proper footing...
"B!" Immediately, the Raikage's voice roared down at the Jinchuriki.
Both Jinchuriki were pushed back by the blast from their Tailed Beast Bombs colliding, but the one pushed back the most was Yusuzo, as he was airborne already.
The Bull-Octopus Demon was still close enough to hear the Raikage's thunderous shoat, so he turned his head and looked up, roaring back as its tail moved at great speeds, flicking up a bunch of rocks like shrapnel towards the Tsuchikage.
"Tsk! Do something Yusuzo! You stupid snake!" The Tsuchikage roared as he moved to avoid the rocks.
Then his eyes widened, as he realized what was actually happening...
In front of him, the Raikage was crouched won on a large piece of rock that was flung towards them.
In that instant, the world seemed to slow down for the Tsuchikage, his hands immediately moving in front of him as a white orb appeared in front of his palms.
But it was already too late to avoid injury.
The Raikage used the airborne rock as footing, and immediately dashed towards the Tsuchikage, with speeds that the midget could barely even comprehend.
Onoki however, still managed to react on instinct, the Dust Release Jutsu he prepared shot out to meet the Raikage head-on.
The Tsuchikage watched in fear as the Raikage sacrificed his arm and completely ignored the jutsu he had thrown out.
The Raikage's hand was extended forwards, only one finger pointing towards the Raikage as he formed a sharp lighting spear.
In that instant, Yusuzo also acted, having heard Onoki's cries for help.
"Cocoon!" He spat out countless webs of energy in between the Tsuchikage and the Raikage, they bent and weaved to form a large gourd-shaped cocoon around the Tsuchikage.
The shield was fast, much to the Raikage's surprise, although his hand was already almost through it by the time it formed completely.
Onoki also noticed that the defence Yusuzo could provide was not good enough. At most, it slowed down the Raikage for a split second.
Thankfully, that split second allowed the Tsuchikage to do one last thing. A hail-marry attempt to preserve his life in that situation... He managed to turn his body slightly and push his legs into the Raikage's spear.
In that instant, the Tsuchikage was sent flying, he broke the air around him visibly as he went flying far off.
The Raikage huffed in displeasure as he looked back at the rock he had used as footing, which was cracked and almost pulverized.
'Shit! He pushed off of me?!'
To the Raikage's surprise, Onoki had sacrificed his legs and used them to get away from there.
The Raikage didn't even care about losing his arm at that point, he merely allowed himself to fall towards the ground while turning back to his regular Lighting Chakra Mode to conserve energy.
He looked at the ground in the distance, a large dust cloud has arose where Onoki had crashlanded. The Dust seemed to clear quickly though, as one of B's tails waved it away to give them a clear view of the situation.
It was exactly as the Raikage had expected...
Onoki's small body plunged deep into the rocks of the scorched battlefield below. There was nothing left of his legs below the knee, and his thighs and abdomen were also filled with burns.
That compounded with the cuts from before, as well as the not-so-easy landing... The Tsuchikage was unconscious.
'Yes! Now to finish that fu-'
Before he could even finish that thought, a yellow light swooped in and scooped the Tsuchikage's broken body.
It was Yusuzo. now transformed into a smaller form. His entire body was covered in a yellow curtain, with 6 wings on his back.
He didn't even try to engage anymore, without even looking at the Raikage or B, he flew off in the other direction.
"Shit! B!" The Raikage landed at that moment, and his legs moved immediately. He dashed through the broken battlefield towards the two fleeing Kage. His speed easily outclassed them.
There was one problem... He couldn't really fly. Thankfully, B was there to help.
"YES~@!" His monstrous voice roared as more chakra gathered at his Bull-like mouth.
"Tailed Beast Ball: Bullets!"
This time, he swallowed a hastily made Tailed Beast Ball and immediately started spitting out smaller-sized energy bullets.
Dozens upon dozens of them were shot at Yusuzo's tail, forcing the Jinchuriki to do evasive manoeuvres while carrying the Tsuchikage.
Unfortunately, they were too far away already for B to aim properly, leading to most of the shots missing by a rather large margin. Only one of them seemed to scrape the Waterfall Jinchuriki.
The zigzagging and scrape managed to slow Yusuzo down greatly, who was also still saddled with carrying Onoki, who was only kept alive by the 7-Tail's Charka that Yusuzo gave him. Otherwise, the bleeding would have killed him already.
The Raikage didn't want that to happen though... He wanted to kill Onoki with his own hand! Which was why he took the opportunity to jump towards the still-flying Jinchuriki.
Yusuzo's expression turned grave as he felt the Raikage's approach. In that instant, he grew his only tail, striking the mad father away while continuing to flee.
"You fuckers~!@@!#@!"
Yusuzo only heard a string of obscenities coming from the Raikage as he got further and further away.
B tried sending a few more bullets towards them as he also ran to get closer, but he was too slow.
At that moment, Ken also walked onto the battlefield, appearing on B's right shoulder with his arms crossed.
"I really missed most of the action, huh?" His tone portrayed some disappointment as he watched the retreating back of Yusuzo.
"They're getting away!~" B roared in anger as well, clearly in no mood to joke around with Ken.
"Hmm, I'll see what I can do..." Ken simply nodded, his muscles wriggling as he visibly transformed, becoming taller, burlier, and covered in scales.
In that instant, B felt his shoulder being pushed to the ground, the ground underneath him cracking heavily as he realized he was just used as footing, much to Gyūki's amusement.
The 8 Tails roared with laughter, which further annoyed B, who was still frustrated that the targets of his revenge were escaping.
He voiced out his complaints inwardly, saying that there was nothing to joke about in their current situation.
But Gyūki only had this to say.
'Calm down partner! Those two will be lucky if there's anything left of their bodies now that that monster's after them!'
